ME507 Homework Assignment, due November 16 by 23:55: 

This assignment is about learning some C++ concepts; it is to be completed 
using any old desktop or portable computer rather than a microcontroller. 

1. You are given the class 'yastr', which implements a sort of string class.
   (It is nothing like a real string class, but it's useful to mess around 
   with.) Add to this string class a method reverse(), which reverses the
   characters in the string in place, so that the next time the string is
   printed, everything will be backwards. The method reverse() is already
   in the .h file, but it isn't in the .cpp file yet.

2. Make a descendant class of 'yastr' and call it 'cryptostr.'  Put your 
   descendent class right in your copy of yastr.h and yastr.cpp. Your class
   should be able to do the following things, in addition to all the things
   that 'yastr' can do:
     - Find the ROT13 representation of an uppercase string. This means that
       you add 13 to each uppercase letter in the string, and if the result
       is greater than 'Z', you subtract 26 so that the result is a letter. 
       Anything which isn't an uppercase letter is left alone. This method
       implements a ridiculously simple (but popular) type of encryption.
       This should be in a method called rot13(). If you like, you can make
       rot13() work for lowercase letters as well as uppercase. 
     - Make a simple table which shows the frequency of each letter in the
       string. This is used to break random substitution cyphers. The table
       should look like this:
       a 3
       b 1
       c 1
       d 0
       e 5
       ...
       z 0
       The same sort of table should be produced for all the uppercase letters
       as well. You do not need to list the frequencies of numbers or other
       characters, just letters. Call this method table(); it should be given 
       a reference to an ostream on which to print and return nothing. The
       first parameter to 'operator <<' is a reference to an ostream, so you
       can use that as an example of how to use a stream reference. 
   Once you've made your 'cryptostr' class (or even better, while you're 
   making it), add a function cryptostr_test() which tests the functionality 
   in class cryptostr. It is recommended to convert a string to UPPERCASE,
   then rot13() it, then rot13() it again -- this should restore the string
   to what it was before rot13() was used in the first place. 

3. Compress your files yastr.h, yastr.cpp, and Makefile into a ZIP file. The
   file must be named your_last_name.zip, with any spaces, hyphens, etc. in
   your last name replaced by underscores and all characters in lowercase. 

4. Submit everything by emailing to me@me.me.calpoly.edu with the zip file as
   an attachment to the email. 
